# Agent 2.3.0 release notes 

Agent release 2.3.0 is published! This release requires a small amount of action from you.

## New deployment files
The file structure of deployment files has changed. The new file structure which the agent needs is now one file per chain. 

You can download the files with

```
curl -sSfL https://registry.npmjs.org/@beamer-bridge/deployments/-/deployments-2.0.1.tgz |
     tar xz -C data --strip-components=1 package/dist
```

Please run this command inside of the ROOT folder of your `run-your-own-agent` project.

You will see now a new file structure like

```
./data/dist/artifacts/mainnet
./data/dist/abis/mainnet
```

The `artifacts` directory contains all the information about the deployed contracts.
The `abis` directory contains the necessary ABIs of the contracts.


## Adapting the agent config
There are two specific changes we require you to do in the agent.conf.

See https://docs.beamerbridge.com/configuration.html#agent-configuration

### Replace deployment-dir
Please replace 

```
deployment-dir = "/data/deployments/mainnet"
```
with 

```
artifacts-dir = "/data/dist/artifacts/mainnet"
abi-dir = "/data/dist/abis/mainnet"
```

### New config variable `min-source-balance`
We introduced a new variable called `min-source-balance`.
It defines a minimum ETH value on the source chain, which will cause the agent to stop filling new requests from the source chain.
This is very critical as the agent requires enough balance to claim a filled request (otherwise he cannot withdraw the tokens which he send away on the target chain).

This variable can be set globally and applies to all chains, unless it is overriden on a chain level.

If you do not specify any, the default value is `0.1 ETH`.
This means that the agent stops filling requests where the agent's balance on the source chain is lower than `0.1 ETH`

#### Our recommendations
It is recommended to set the value as a factor 10 of `claimStake` which is specific to each chain. 

Currently this would be

Ethereum = 0.1 ETH
Any other rollup = 0.015 ETH

#### Example config
```
min-source-balance = 0.1 # global setting
...

 
[chains.ethereum]
rpc-url = ""
confirmation-blocks = 1

[chains.arbitrum]
rpc-url = ""
min-source-balance = 0.015 # chain specific override

[chains.optimism]
rpc-url = ""
min-source-balance = 0.015 # chain specific override 

[chains.polygon-zkevm]
rpc-url = ""
min-source-balance = 0.015 # chain specific override
```

## OP Relayer Bug fix
The release also contains a bugfix regarding Optimism's Bedrock update where it will only send the L1 resolution if it wouldn't fail. 
This is a **critical** fix because the agent may send and resend transactions constantly which can lead to significant loss in transaction fees.
